I personally have not seen works that included sound and visuals in person but seen many online through videos. 
While I have done somethings like this, it has never been on a grand scale, for example, last year I did a live VJ piece as a 
final project for Art 105, which I thoroughly enjoyed because I got to match my taste of music with visuals that I can control 
and manipulate. I also did another piece that unfortunately got lost or deleted that involved music again but was integrated 
into processing and also had photos of mine that I glitched. The piece was basically a representation of dark thoughts and 
how music can soothe and erase those dark thoughts. While the tone and overall visuals were dark, it was meant to be this 
way of uplifting the viewer or at least give them an emotional response. Now going back to the whole idea about pieces with sound 
and visuals, most of the time when I think about works of 
art that include sound and visuals, I think of concerts and raves and the such.Of course there are those 
videos on Youtube where its just a track of a song and an edited audio visualizer that reacts to the song, that’s one 
of the main things I recognize when talking about sound and visuals, but again, its nothing grand, much more a piece of 
art; it can be art, if the artist chooses so, but most of the time I believe its just a visual for the audience to just 
zone out to. I also remember an artist that I researched out and that piqued my interest was Jen Lewin. Her pieces 
involve the usage of a lot of lights to create a nice illuminated visual that somehow interacts with the public. 
Her piece called *Long Harp* is an interesting instrumental piece where she creates a harp, but it is made of light. 
The strings are light, and a note is played when a person passes through it whether it be by hand or their whole body. 
She also has other pieces that involve light and sound, but this piece, I think, represents this idea of sound and visuals the best. 
